federalist 33 the same subject continued
concerning the general power of taxation
from the daily advertiser january 3rd
hamilton to the people of the state of
new york
the residue of the argument against the
provisions of the constitution in
respect to taxation is engrafted upon
the following clause
the last clause of the eighth section of
the first article of the plan under
consideration authorizes the national
legislature
to make all laws which shall be
necessary and proper for carrying into
execution the powers by that
constitution vested in the government of
the united states
or in any department or officer thereof
and the second clause of the sixth
article declares
that the constitution and the laws of
the united states made in pursuance
thereof
and the treaties made by their authority
shall be the supreme law of the land
anything in the constitution or laws of
any state to the contrary
notwithstanding
these two clauses have been the source
of much virulent infective and petulant
declination against the proposed
constitution
they have been held up to the people in
all the exaggerated colors of
misinterpretation as the pernicious
engines by which their local governments
were to be destroyed and their liberties
exterminated
as the hideous monster whose devouring
jaws would spare neither sex nor age nor
hind or low nor sacred nor profane
and yet strange as it may appear after
all this clamor
to those who may not have happened to
contemplate them in the same light
it may be affirmed with perfect
confidence that the constitutional
operation of the intended government
would be precisely the same
if these clauses were entirely
obliterated as if they were repeated in
every article
they were only declaratory of a truth
which would have resulted by necessary
and unavoidable implication
from the very act of constituting a
federal government investing it with
certain specified powers
this is so clear a proposition that
moderation itself can scarcely listen to
the railings which have been so
copiously vended against this part of
the plan without emotions that disturb
its equanimity
what is a power but the ability or
faculty of doing a thing
what is the ability to do a thing but
the power of employing the means
necessary to its execution what is a
legislative
power but a power of making laws what
are the means to execute a legislative
power but laws
what is the power of laying in
collecting taxes but a legislative power
or a power of making laws to lay and
collect taxes
what are the proper means of executing
such a power but necessary and proper
laws
this simple train of inquiry furnishes
us at once with the test by which to
judge of the true nature of the clause
complained of
it conducts us to this palpable truth
that a power to lay and collect taxes
must be a power to pass all laws
necessary and proper for the execution
of that power
and what does the unfortunate and
colomniated provision in question do
more than declare the same truth
to it that the national legislature to
whom the power of laying and collecting
taxes had been previously given
might in the execution of that power
pass all laws necessary and proper to
carry it into effect
i have applied these observations thus
particularly to the power of taxation
because it is the immediate subject
under consideration and because it is
the most
important of the authority is proposed
to be conferred upon the union
but the same process will lead to the
same result in relation to all other
powers declared in the constitution
and it is expressly to execute these
powers that the sweeping clause as it
has been effectively called
authorizes the national legislature to
pass all necessary and proper laws
if there is anything exceptionable it
must be sought for
in the specific powers upon which this
general declaration is predicated
the declaration itself though it may be
chargeable with tautology or redundancy
is at least perfectly harmless but
suspicion may ask
why then was it introduced the answer is
that it could only have been done for
greater caution and to guard against all
cavalling refinements in those who might
hereafter feel a disposition to curtail
and evade the legitimate authorities of
the union
the convention probably foresaw what it
has been a principle aim of these papers
to inculcate
that the danger which most threatens our
political welfare
is that the state governments will
finally sap the foundations of the union
and might therefore think it necessary
in so cardinal a point
to leave nothing to construction
whatever may have been the inducement to
it
the wisdom of the precaution is evident
from the cry which has been raised
against it
as that very cry betrays a disposition
to question the great and essential
truth which it is manifestly the object
of that provision to declare
but it may be again asked who is to
judge of the necessity and propriety of
the laws to be passed for executing the
powers of the union
i answer first that this question arises
as well and
as fully upon the simple grant of those
powers as upon the declaratory clause
and i answer in the second place
that the national government like every
other must judge in the first instance
of the proper exercise of its powers and
its constituents in the last
if the federal government should
overpass the just bounds of its
authority
and make a tyrannical use of its powers
the people whose creature it is must
appeal to the standard they have formed
and take such measures to redress the
injury done to the constitution
as the exigency may suggest and prudence
justify
the propriety of a law in a
constitutional light must always be
determined by the nature of the powers
upon which it is founded
suppose by some forced constructions of
its authority which indeed cannot easily
be imagined
the federal legislature should attempt
to vary the law of descent in any
state would it not be evident that in
making such an attempt
it had exceeded its jurisdiction and
infringed upon that of the state
suppose again that upon the pretense of
an interference with its revenues it
should undertake to abrogate a land
tax imposed by the authority of a state
would it not be equally evident
that this was an invasion of that
concurrent jurisdiction in respect to
this species of tax
which its constitution plainly supposes
to exist in the state government
if there ever should be a doubt on this
head the credit of it will be entirely
due to those reasoners who
in the imprudent zeal of their animosity
to the plan of the convention
have labored to envelop it in a cloud
calculated to obscure the plainest and
simplest
truths but it is said that the laws of
the union are to be the supreme
law of the land but what inference can
be drawn from this
or what would they amount to if they
were not to be supreme
it is evident that they would amount to
nothing a law by the very meaning of the
term includes supremacy
it is a rule which those to whom it is
prescribed are bound to observe
this results from every political
association if individuals enter into a
state of society the laws of that
society must be the supreme regulator of
their
conduct if a number of political
societies enter into a larger political
society
the laws which the latter may enact
pursuant to the powers entrusted to it
by its constitution
must necessarily be supreme over those
societies and the individuals of whom
they are composed
it would otherwise be a mere treaty
dependent on the good faith of the
parties and not a government which is
only another word for political power
and supremacy
but it will not follow from this
doctrine that acts of the large society
which are not pursuant to its
constitutional powers but which are
invasions of the residuary authority of
the smaller societies
will become the supreme law of the land
these will be merely acts of usurpation
and will deserve to be treated as such
hence we perceive that the clause which
declares the supremacy of the laws of
the union
like the one we have just before
considered only declares a truth
which flows immediately and necessarily
from the institution of a federal
government
it will not i presume have escaped
observation that it expressly confines
the supremacy to laws made pursuant to
the constitution
which i mentioned merely as an instance
of caution in the convention
since that limitation would have been to
be understood though it had not been
expressed
though allah therefore laying attacks
for the use of the united states would
be supreme in its nature
and could not legally be opposed or
controlled yet a law for abrogating or
preventing a collection of attacks laid
by the authority of a state
unless upon imports and exports would
not be the supreme law of the land but a
usurpation of power not granted by the
constitution
as far as an improper accumulation of
taxes on the same subject might tend to
render the collection difficult or
precarious
this would be a mutual inconvenience not
arising from a superiority or defect of
power on either side
but from an injudicious exercise of
power by one or the other in a manner
equally disadvantageous to both
it is to be hoped and presumed however
that the mutual interest would dictate a
concert in this respect
which would avoid any material
inconvenience the inference from the
whole
is that the individual states would
under the proposed constitution
retain an independent and uncontrollable
authority to raise revenue to any extent
of which they may stand in need
by every kind of taxation except duties
on imports and exports
it will be shown in the next paper that
this concurrent jurisdiction in the
article of taxation was the only
admissible substitute for an entire
subordination
in respect to this branch of power of
the state authority to that of the union
publius